You will hear a radio broadcast by an announcer about making purchases overseas.

First, you have some time to read three questions five to seven.

Now, listen carefully and answer questions 5 -7.

Good afternoon. Thanks for listening to today's broadcast of Smart Shopping.

As we head into the winter season, many of you will be travelling out of the

country for your annual holidays, and while away, you're likely to buy some souvenirs

to bring back with you. On today's programme, I'm going to give you some tips on

what to be cautious of and how to make good purchases while abroad. So my first

point is about payment. Tourists from the UK are mainly accustomed to pulling out a

credit card and charging just about everything. Well, that's not such a good idea

when overseas for two reasons. First, there is a lot of credit card fraud.

Credit card usage is simply not secure. Secondly, the seller will have to charge you

anywhere between 3 % and 5 % more in credit card fees that they must pay to credit

card companies. So use cash if at all possible. And that brings me to my next word

of advice. Check the exchange rates offered for your currency before making payments

by cash or even credit cards. Some establishments offer poor rates,

so it is better to exchange your money in a bank, which ensures better rates, and

use local currency in those cases. Also, it is always a good idea to get tax

refunds for your purchases when possible, as it can save you a lot of money.

International travellers are often eligible for these refunds in many locations and

won't have to pay taxes on the items they buy. Find out ahead of time what the

minimum purchase amount is and what types of purchases are eligible. And don't forget

to claim your refunds at your point of departure before checking in as you may have

to show the purchases to agents along with or receipts. But there are many items

that you are not permitted to transport on planes or trains, so I also want to

cover.

You now have 15 seconds to check your answers.
